docs(dockmanager): add link to data analysis sample (#1968)
IgniteUI/igniteui-docfx: en/components/dock-manager.md

```

For further information on the usage of the Dock Manager component, you can check out [this topic]({environment:infragisticsBaseUrl}/products/ignite-ui-web-components/web-components/components/dock-manager.html).

> For more advanced example on the usage of the Dock Manager component hosting some Ignite UI for Angular components, you can check out [this sample](./general/framework-and-features/data-analysis.md#data-analysis-with-dockmanager).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a more advanced example of the usage of the Dock Manager component with panes hosting various Ignite UI for Angular components, see this version of the [data analysis sample](./general/framework-and-features/data-analysis.md#data-analysis-with-dockmanager).
```
